Okay. So let's look at the solution to these quizzes.
So the first quiz was,
the annualized volatility window length is 252 by default,
because it's the one-year volatility.
Try to adjust the call to the constructor of
annualized volatility so that this represents one month volatility.
Okay. So we can call the constructor annualized volatility.
But instead, we'll update
the window length to be 20 trading days which represents one month.
So this means that it's going to use
20 returns observations and calculating the standard deviation,
and that's the annualized volatility over a 20 day period or one month period.
So now this is saying,
to store these into variables,
create the annualized volatility object for 20 days and 120 days.
That's one month and six month time windows.
Also remember to set the mass parameters to the universe.
Okay? So that means we want to create annualized volatility.
By the way, I'm just hitting the tab button in order
to auto-complete this in Jupyter Notebooks.
So window length for one month is 20 trading days.
We want to set the mask equal to universe.
Okay? We also want to rank it.
So we want to convert these volatilities into ranks,
and we want to convert those ranks into Z scores.
Okay? So we're going to do something similar here
for the sixth month annualized volatility.
We're going to set the window length this time to a 120 trading days.
The mask filters the other tickers to be on those in the universe,
and also convert those into ranks and convert those ranks into Z scores.
Okay. We're just going to add those to the pipeline as well.
Okay. The next quiz.
So average dollar volume, okay?
We want to create features out of that as well.
So average dollar volume.
We want, again, one month and six month time period.
So we set the window length to 20 for here.
Also remember to set the mask.
We want to convert the average dollar volume into ranks
and convert those ranks into Z scores.
So similarly, average dollar volume for a six month period is a 120 trading days.
The mask is also going to filter by the tickers,
the top 500 tickers by average dollar volume.
We're going to convert those average dollar volumes into
ranks and also convert those ranks into Z scores, okay?
Again, we're going to add these features to the pipeline as well.
Great. So now you can continue on with the lesson which will
then introduce you to the other parts that you'll see in this notebook. Okay? Thanks.